docs: rewrite with vitepress (#783)
sidebase/nuxt-auth: docs/guide/authjs/quick-start.md

### Setting a secret

In addition to setting a provider, you also need to set a `secret` which is used to encrypt the JWT Tokens. To avoid hard-coding of the secret you can make it configurable at runtime by using an environment variable and exporting it at runtime or by using the [Nuxt `useRuntimeConfig`](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/composables/use-runtime-config) (and then also setting the correct environment at runtime):

```ts
import { NuxtAuthHandler } from '#auth'

export default NuxtAuthHandler({
  // A secret string you define, to ensure correct encryption - NUXT_AUTH_SECRET required in production
  secret: useRuntimeConfig().authSecret

  // rest of your authentication configuration here!
})
```

::: details Full code
```ts
// file: ~/server/api/auth/[...].ts
import GithubProvider from 'next-auth/providers/github'
import { NuxtAuthHandler } from '#auth'

export default NuxtAuthHandler({
  secret: useRuntimeConfig().authSecret,
  providers: [
    // @ts-expect-error Use .default here for it to work during SSR.
    GithubProvider.default({
      clientId: 'your-client-id',
      clientSecret: 'your-client-secret'
    })
  ]
})
```
:::

## Next Steps

> Congrats! You have now configured your first authention provider and can login to the application! We recommend the following next steps to continue configuring your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats! You have now configured your first authentication provider and can login to the application! We recommend the following next steps to continue configuring your application:
```

> TODO: Add next steps here!

Reviewer: Needs addressing or removing :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Done, added the next steps! I had written this guide before anything else, which is why I still had a placeholder 😊

# AuthJS Quickstart

This guide is for setting up `@sidebase/nuxt-auth` with the AuthJS Provider, which is best suited for plug-and-play OAuth for established oauth-providers or magic-url based sign-ins.

## Installation

If you want to use the AuthJS provider, you have to install `next-auth`. With all package managers except npm you must manually install the peer dependency alongside nuxt-auth:

::: code-group

```bash [pnpm]
pnpm i next-auth@4.21.1
```

```bash [yarn]
yarn add next-auth@4.21.1
```

::: warning

> Due to a breaking change in NextAuth, nuxt-auth is only compoatible with NextAuth versions under v4.23.0. We recommend pinning the version to `4.21.1`. Read more [here](https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-auth/issues/514).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a breaking change in NextAuth, nuxt-auth is only compatible with NextAuth versions under v4.23.0. We recommend pinning the version to `4.21.1`. Read more [here](https://github.com/sidebase/nuxt-auth/issues/514).
```

:::

## Configuration

After installing `@sidebase/nuxt-auth` and `next-auth`, you can now configure NuxtAuth to use the AuthJS provider. Inside your `nuxt.config.ts` add the following configuration:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
    modules: ['@sidebase/nuxt-auth'],
    auth: {
        provider: {
            type: 'authjs'
        }
    }
})
```

You can also configure AuthJS specific options inside the `nuxt.config.ts`, in addition to the main [module configurations](/guide/application-side/configuration).

### `trustHost`

- **Type**: `boolean`
- **Default**: `false`

If set to `true`, `authjs` will use either the `x-forwarded-host` or `host` headers instead of `auth.baseURL`. Make sure that reading `x-forwarded-host` on your hosting platform can be trusted.

:::warning
**This is an advanced option.** Advanced options are passed the same way as basic options, but **may have complex implications** or side effects. You should try to avoid using advanced options unless you are very comfortable using them.
:::

### `defaultProvider`

- **Type**: `SupportedProviders`
- **Default**: `undefined`

> Select the default-provider to use when `signIn` is called. Setting this here will also effect the global middleware behavior: E.g., when you set it to `github` and the user is unauthorized, they will be directly forwarded to the Github OAuth page instead of seeing the app-login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the default-provider to use when `signIn` is called. Setting this here will also affect the global middleware behavior. For instance, when you set it to `github` and the user is unauthorized, they will be directly forwarded to the Github OAuth page instead of seeing the app-login page.
```

### `addDefaultCallbackUrl`

- **Type:** `boolean | string`
- **Default:** `true`

Whether to add a callbackUrl to sign in requests. Setting this to a string-value will result in that being used as the callbackUrl path. Setting this to `true` will result in the blocked original target path being chosen (if it can be determined).

## NuxtAuthHandler

> Afterwards create your own NuxtAuthHandler under `~/server/api/auth/[...].ts`. Inside the NuxtAuthHandler you can configure the authentication provider you want to use, how the JWT Token is created and managed as well as how your sessions will be composed. The NuxtAuthHander will automaticlly create all required API endpoints to handle authentication inside your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a next step, create your NuxtAuthHandler under `~/server/api/auth/[...].ts`. Inside it you can configure the authentication provider you want to use, how the JWT Token is created and managed as well as how your sessions will be composed. The NuxtAuthHander will automatically create all required API endpoints to handle authentication inside your application.
```

The NuxtAuthHandler is an adaptation of the [NextAuthHandler](https://next-auth.js.org/configuration/options) built into AuthJS. Inside the NuxtAuthHandler you can configure:

- **OAuth providers**: _How can users login to your application?_
- **Adapters**: _How are sessions saved? (e.g. JWT Token, Database etc.)_
- **JWT Encryption**: _How is the JWT Token encrypted and read?_

> - **Callbacks**: _Hook into the authentication lifecyle hooks._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Callbacks**: _Hook into the authentication lifecycle hooks._
```

> Begin by creating a new server route file in `~/server/api/auth/[...].ts`. You can then begin adding your NuxtAuthHandler. The filename must be [...].ts - this is a so-called "catch-all" route, read more in the [Nuxt catch-all docs](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/server#catch-all-route). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Begin by creating a new server route file in `~/server/api/auth/[...].ts`. You can then begin adding your NuxtAuthHandler. The filename must be `[...].ts` - this is a so-called "catch-all" route, read more in the [Nuxt catch-all docs](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/server#catch-all-route). 
```
